# Final Project

Use this `REAMDE.md` file to describe your final project (as detailed on Canvas).1


## Domain of interest
Reason why we are interested in the topic:
We wanted to implement the data analysis skills we've learned in class and apply it to real world business scenarios. Also, our team is particularly interested in marketing,advertising and finance.

### Example 1: A beginner guide for sale data prediction

url-link: https://www.kaggle.com/minhtriet/a-beginner-guide-for-sale-data-prediction

+ This code is used to predict future data sales. The author used data visualization to gain some insights about the data. Mostly, they focused on the shop and item categories. They stated thatthere is a peak in shop shop at the end of the year, probably due to the holiday season.
+ Data-driven questions we hope to answer about this domain: We want to figure out how thy accessed data and predict future sales through code
+ Questions (from above) that can be answered using the data in this dataset: We could see how the author visualized different data sets into the same visualization graph, this will be useful when we are trying to visualize the data we generate and analyze.
+ The code was generated through the sales data collected from the company's website.
+ Number of observations (rows): 600159, Number of (features) columns: 11

### Example 2: Social media influence on digital marketing

url-link: https://data.world/ahalps/social-influence-on-shopping

This dataset is from a social media survey from 'Whatsgooly'. People from different age groups answer questions about which platforms influence their online shopping habits. From this data, we want to investigate the overall effectiveness of digital marketing, which age groups it has the most influence on, which platforms do the best job of advertising and what makes their platform a better for digital marketing. These questions can be answered by looking into the various platforms used by different age groups and the sale rate of these platforms for products that they advertise. The dataset has 6 features and 1450 observations.

### Example 3: Retail marketing

url-link: https://www.kaggle.com/arawind/retail-marketing

+ The data was generated by Arawind's survey, and the dataset is about the relationship between the amount peopel spend on retail and their personal information like age and gender.
+ Number of observations (rows): 1001, Number of (features) columns: 10
+ Questions (from above) that can be answered using the data in this dataset: If there is a correlation between how much money people spend on retail and their personal or family informations or even the distance from home to retail stores.
